SURMA: Knowing what is
and what is not invisible
can be very useful
information because lazy load
images, once they
come into view,
you could stop playing a
video once it goes out of view
or you could save to
your analytics how
much of your blog post was
actually read by the user.
IntersectionObserver,
our performance API,
will notify you when an element
enters or leaves the viewport.
IntersectionObservers are very
efficient, work across IFrames,
and are perfect to
react to scrolling.
To use
IntersectionObserver, create
a new IntersectionObserver by
passing it a callback function.
For each element that
you're interested in,
call that observe on the
IntersectionObserver.
From now on, whenever any
of the observed elements
enter the viewport,
your callback
will be called with
details about what happened
and to which element.
IntersectionObserver
offer a couple
of options, one of them
being the Thresholds option.
You can set the threshold
option to an array
of numbers between 0 and 1
to get multiple notifications
per element.
For example, if you set the
threshold option to 0.33, 0.66,
and 1, you'll get notification
not only on entrance and exit
but also when 1/3 or 2/3 of
the elements area are in view.
For more information on
the use cases and options,
read my article in
the description below.
Bye.
I am a true artist, and my work
just convinced you of that.
So if you want more, you should
subscribe to this channel.
And if you want to watch the
latest Supercharged livestream,
you can do that--
over there.